hello to all meet for a
new video on China marks gold
black in which I presented you a
attack in laye on my part so this is the
first time I'm an attacker
live we see remove it is going well
pass or not so I'm going to attack the
village that you see there in five words
loos then i'm going to attack on my
tablet while there I rec on the computer
so you will have the live striker but
not really attack live so that
you will see just as if I
realize someone else's age but
it would be me who would currently
play so I take this village in
five words the bone so had to go out nadjari
peace on this village there unfortunately
it terrestrial so I have no traps
and parent I still have castle
caen and a half and the tesla so the summer
that there was no follow-up or
initiate one here one has the choice of seedlings
who is there so I can go out by
here it is composed of a dragon 5 and 2
6 balloons should not be a problem
could not get it out here with two pigs
I'm going to attract him here so I'm going to
destroy with nero without worry i'm going
try to send fast the east part
queen so that the molosses can
can resist
for why better in parliament
can resist a maximum of
time to your are the heroes will serve
only to that so I see three
molosses on this side there two molosses of
this side there simply because there
we have 7 reindeer who will hit the mastiffs
on that side then they in more points
here we have the words the Caribbean
reindeer who are very wizardly diver so
it's perfect and since the wizards are
concentrating on the mastiff will be useless
bow the balloons will be quiet we have
the two thrusters that are in the
opposite meaning so really no worries
has a pretty well known village but he has
inverted artix and the queen who has it
besides, which is a little annoying
but normally it should not pose any
worries and here I went to lormont
rage I'm scared
normally I should be the master here
to go on the whole reindeer like there
I know there are still two tesla
game rather make it overflow to here
since lanthier reindeer way i'm
sure to have it fast enough so
here we see how it is on this
town
so here I am going to attack and you are going
see live so watch it live
I put the screen well since
way I would not have time to move it
after so sorry I could not zoom
and his spells the castle knoche sorry if
I will not talk much during the
live but I will rather try to
focus their bounce and get out of worry
this amp pig are destroyed on the
queen there
I hope they will come back quite
quickly really it does not worry
we see the queen directly with her
power to not barter take from them
that guys the troops here is the dragon
etc who are attracted to the king a gain
3 1 2 1 2
1 2
first on rage on the 2nd thunderstorm
there the hot balloons of customers and a half
are still alive it's not going to pose any
worries then we send the balloons the
sister of the cdu rage the haye and go there
mollo what it was are shifted
faster on one side than on the other
so there's a word love that's got
staggered I hope they're going to be pretty
fast was the speed that was
really useless that I misplaced I
not too much thought about it
Looks pretty good with the words tonight and
will stay alive yeah that will pass but
In fact we got hot
simply because in fact the
so here I showed you that pure sure
I went on the computer the haves
reindeer here was destroyed more
quickly the molosses were
staggered on that one and suddenly it has
created an imbalance because all
months to companies on that side and javan
had not there fortunately there is a
mass of bowl one is with a rage plus a
speed besides the speed that I put
a little in panic years but it's not going
change big thing in forgiveness thing
but otherwise it would not have happened but
we really got hot
fa the the happily that I put in
rage I raged balloon guzzles
blow the balloons were when
even destroy stoned 970 by the
molosse here we are still even if
a molosse that may have been missed
still plenty of rockets
must be able to do the 3 stars
So here I will perform anyway
many times this is this gameplay in
live it's gameplay live his attacks
live here I felt the tax well
so I decided to do it for you
in live is that I put them to you
still, I'll make you a lot of
these episodes there I think it's
rather nice especially that's when
even
I think it's nice when
even having live actions
what are we going to look at the gameplay
anyway to see what failed
to do fail but hey that's so I feel
very high speed castle normally
so as I told you if I even if
I do live runners I think
I'll show him anyway it can be
interesting to see the mistakes that I have
make
here we go to castle holding out
still the pause or may and
it's for you to see better when buying
of clans that comes out very well at the
queen who will destroy it without worry
the advantage of this clement castle the same
if it's still pretty annoying
quite powerful enough complicated to
to destroy is to actually look at the
drives the dragon will die but the
balloons you stay alive and it's not going
to worry about the balloons
only the ground troops and the
blow the molosses and balloons will be
quiet
so keep it so I see three
mastiffs on one side and two mastiffs
the other one's lens 3 rather on the side where
there are two mastiffs but balloon then
that I had not planned that the tower of
plaster right market do not have you the
power will not be that it poses no
worry but rage that I have placed well in
overflowing on tesla island
because she would have been able to hurt
we are going to have so here are the little ones
balloons that I had planned to send
like that look at the molosses who
have shifted from success that was
source is whole reina who are
staggered on these lol to go on that
there then there honestly at that moment
I was really scared
so we also luckily it was the
goal is the purpose of these attacks there the
rockets beyond a few failures them
molasses who are enraged and so they
will be able to destroy the queen and
so look at that side there fortunately
I had bad balloons and I have
place my age it's up to lens is
queen otherwise look I put my on of
speed that will have served strictly nothing
to apologize I just put in panic
but that's still okay
still even a molosse envy so I
think it's okay and still pretty
well and we still have a lot of rock and
so they must have that I've had
really got scared for this one third n
However, the village was still
well symmetrical may but in fact the
balloons was faster on one side the
good this initials as long as the result is
that's okay so I hope you
have enjoyed this video I will do them
still a lot of times of attackers
live if you liked it so do not hesitate
to like commented share and more